###### 369mPI Documentation
# 0.7.1.0 sOl (soil of life) Cycle Course
> Prerequisite: To get the most out of this and future 369mPI courses, it's recommend that you complete the [Quantum MeMoir Creation Cycle Course](https://www.quantummemoir.com/a/xd0dh). 

The purpose of this 369mPI sOl Cycle Course is to help people define the purpose of their career. More specifically, completing this course will help you:
1. Define your PURPOSE by naming your personal brand
2. GROUND your Operations by indentifying your brand's industry
3. INTEND your Design strategy by creating a slogan for your brand
4. OBSERVE your Market by posing a thoughtful question
5. CONNECT your Community by identifying your inspiration
6. EXPRESS your Vision by clarifying how you deliver your perspective 
7. REFINE your Brand by creating a mythology
8. Share your brand's purpose with a supportive community

### Verify you have the following before you begin:
* A general idea of what you enjoy doing
* A calm space (chill music, comfy clothing, maybe a candle if you're in the mood)
* One blank page for taking notes
* One blank page for your thought form. Your thought form is where you'll enter your final responses
* Something to write with
* Take a few deep breaths or do a brief meditation to clear your mind a bit

# Step 0: Prepare Your Thought Form
> This initial Thought Form will become the core of all other 369mPI Courses that you will complete.

You can prepare your Thought Form in the following ways. Choose whichever works best for you:
* Download [ADD LINK] and Print the Thought form on a blank sheet of paper
* Get a Copy [ADD LINK] of the FigJam file to record your responses on your computer
* Draw the thought form on a blank sheet of paper
> If you draw your thought form, please add each "Seed Statement" (Define PURPOSE, GROUND Operations, INTEND Design, OBSERVE Market, CONNECT Community, EXPRESS Vision, & REFINE Story) as shown below:
(Image of seed statements in the form)

# Step 1: Populate Your 'Define PURPOSE' Sphere
(Image of purpose sphere highlighted)  
> Define your purpose with more clarity by naming your personal brand.
In your **Define PURPOSE** sphere, write the name of your personal brand (this can be your birth name or you can create something new).

# Step 2: Populate Your 'GROUND Operations' Sphere
(Image of sphere highlighted)  
> Ground your career in reality by identifying your industry.
To help you brainstorm, which of the following industries is most closely related to your brand?
0. Developer Relations (Language)
1. Community Development (Infrastructure)
2. Content Design (Mass Media)
3. Content Strategy (Marketing)
4. Sales (Economics)
5. Writing (Research)
6. Art (Entertainment)
7. Teaching (Education)
8. Game Design (Sporting)
9. Technology (Data)
> All of these are only meant to serve as inspiration. Do some google searches to name the speicific industry that you would like to influence with your personal brand.

In the **GROUND Operations** sphere, write the name of your personal brand's industry.

# Step 3: Populate Your 'INTEND Design' Sphere
(Image of sphere highlighted)  
> Intend your design strategy with an "I am" slogan that will inspire the work you do.

In your **INTEND Design** sphere, write an "I am" statement that will remind you how you want to operate within your industry.

# Step 4: Populate Your 'OBSERVE Market' Sphere
(Image of sphere highlighted)  
> Observe your industry's collective shadow to explore how your project can help it evolve.

What is a challenge caused by the industry you wrote in your 'GROUND Operations' sphere? In your **OBSERVE Market** sphere, create a question that will inspire your personal brand to create innovative solutions.

# Step 5: Populate Your 'CONNECT Community' Sphere
(Image of sphere highlighted)  
> Connect with your personal brand's source of inspiration to keep you moving in the right direction.

Is there a person, brand, or system in nature that inspires the work you are doing? In your **CONNECT Community** sphere, write the name of who or what your personal brand will hold gratitude for as you work on your goals.

# Step 6: Populate Your 'EXPRESS Vision' Sphere
(Image of sphere highlighted)  
> Define the main way you will share your perspective to gain supporters and customers.

How do you want to share your perspective?
0. Book Quotes
1. Business Plans
2. Video Clips
3. Memes
4. Websites
5. Blogs / Case Studies
6. Stories / Art
7. Courses / Documentation
8. Games
9. Software Tools
> All of these are only meant to serve as inspiration. Think about ways you enjoy sharing what's on your mind.

In your **EXPRESS Vision** sphere, write the main way you will share your point of view with your audience.

# Step 7: Populate Your 'REFINE Story' Sphere
(Image of sphere highlighted)  
> Transform your personal brand into an engaging story that will attract more supporters and customers.

In your **REFINE Story** sphere, complete the phrase "Once upon a time, [YOUR PERSONAL BRAND] [YOUR BRAND's FUTURE POSITIVE IMPACT]."

# Step 8: Activate Your Personal Brand
(Image of sphere highlighted)  
> Share your personal brand's thought form with the world.
1. Sign and date your completed thought form
2. Take a photo or screenshot of your notes and completed thought form
3. Share a photo of your thought form to Instagram Story using the following:
  - @cohortBased #b7learn
  - @quantumMemoir #quantumMemoir

---
Fin.
